Add Nutils participants for turek-hron-fsi3 (#648)
precice/tutorials: turek-hron-fsi3/README.md

Fluid participant:

* OpenFOAM (pimpleFoam). In case you are using a very old OpenFOAM version, you will need to adjust the solver to `pimpleDyMFoam` in the `Fluid/system/controlDict` file. For more information, have a look at the [OpenFOAM adapter documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-openfoam-overview.html).

> * Nutils. For more information, have a look at the [Nutils adapter documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-nutils.html). This Nutils solver requires at least Nutils v9.0. This case takes significantly longer to run than the OpenFOAM case, see [related issue](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/issues/506).

Reviewer: Self-reminder: We will also need to add this in the general overview (website repository) https://precice.org/tutorials.html

Reviewer: Added in https://github.com/precice/precice.github.io/pull/583

Solid participant:

* deal.II. For more information, have a look at the [deal.II adapter documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-dealii-overview.html). This tutorial requires the nonlinear solid solver. Please copy the nonlinear solver executable to the `solid-dealii` folder or make it discoverable at runtime and update the `solid-dealii/run.sh` script.

> * Nutils. For more information, have a look at the [Nutils adapter documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-nutils.html). This Nutils solver requires at least Nutils v9.0.

Reviewer: Do we need to document the version here, if it is already documented in the `requirements.txt`? We now also always install in a virtual environment.

I would rather remove these two instances, as we will most definitely forget to update them later.

Reviewer 2: I copied from other Nutils descriptions. Let's merge here and then remove everywhere?

## Post-processing

> You can visualize the results of the coupled simulation using e.g. ParaView. OpenFOAM uses the specific format `fluid-openfoam.foam`, which you directly load in Paraview or convert to VTK with `foamToVTK`. deal.II writes VTK files. Both Nutils solvers currently don not write VTK files (but their own in-situ visualization), but this can be added easily similarly to the [perpendicular flap solvers](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/blob/98a78fe2dc2f6c5d84b2b30d35d00352782236f8/perpendicular-flap/fluid-nutils/fluid.py#L227).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can visualize the results of the coupled simulation using e.g. ParaView. OpenFOAM uses an OpenFOAM-specific format, and you can directly load the (empty) file `fluid-openfoam.foam` in Paraview or convert the results to VTK with `foamToVTK`. deal.II writes VTK files. Both Nutils solvers currently do not write VTK files (but use their own in-situ visualization), but this can be easily added similarly to the [perpendicular flap solvers](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/blob/98a78fe2dc2f6c5d84b2b30d35d00352782236f8/perpendicular-flap/fluid-nutils/fluid.py#L227).
```

> If you want to visualize both domains with ParaView, keep in mind that the different solvers may write results with different output frequencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to visualize both domains with ParaView, keep in mind that the different solvers may write results with different output frequencies, which you might want to [synchronize](https://precice.org/tutorials-visualization.html#synchronizing-results).
```

> There is an [known issue](https://github.com/precice/openfoam-adapter/issues/26) that leads to additional "empty" result directories when running with some OpenFOAM versions, leading to inconveniences during post-processing. At the end of `run.sh`, we call `openfoam_remove_empty_dirs` (provided by `tools/openfoam-remove-empty-dirs`) to delete the additional files before importing the results in ParaView.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a [known issue](https://github.com/precice/openfoam-adapter/issues/26) that leads to additional "empty" result directories when running with some OpenFOAM versions, leading to inconveniences during post-processing. At the end of `run.sh`, we call `openfoam_remove_empty_dirs` (provided by `tools/openfoam-remove-empty-dirs`) to delete the additional files before importing the results in ParaView.
```

> Moreover, as we defined a watchpoint at the flap tip (see `precice-config.xml`), we can plot it with gnuplot using the script `plot-displacement.sh`. You need to specify the directory of the selected solid participant as a command line argument, so that the script can pick-up the desired watchpoint file, e.g. `plot-displacement.sh solid-dealii`. The resulting graph shows the vertical (y) displacement of the tip of the flap.

Reviewer: (rendering on GitHub is broken, but maybe you can manually commit what is in the unrendered version)

```suggestion
Moreover, as we defined a watchpoint at the flap tip (see `precice-config.xml`), we can plot it with gnuplot using the script `plot-displacement.sh`, which expects the directory of the selected solid participant as a command line argument. For example:

 ```shell
 plot-displacement.sh solid-dealii
 ```
 
The resulting graph shows the vertical (y) displacement of the tip of the flap.
```

![FSI3 watchpoint](images/tutorials-turek-hron-fsi3-tip-plot.png)

Before running the simulation again, you may want to cleanup any result files using the script `clean-tutorial.sh`.

## Mesh refinement for OpenFOAM

> In `fluid-openfoam/system/`, we provide three different fluid meshes:

Reviewer: Since we don't provide another case, I would leave it as-it.

```suggestion
## Mesh refinement

In `fluid-openfoam/system/`, we provide three different fluid meshes:
```
